README.md, before:

# jel

### jel : Javascript Elements

*A vanilla javascript DOM elements creation and management helper library*

Simply turn all `<h1>that stuff</h1>` into `jel("h1": "this one")` - [but this is just a beginning!](https://codepen.io/lumaray/pen/VgEMpg)

This library should help move from explicit HTML markup to javascript objects coding. Just retrieve JSON elements' init objects from a server or initialize them yourself, then convert them into common javascript objects and use with **jel** function (or add as templates for a later use).

    Created by: Yury Laykov / Russia, Zelenograd
    2019
    MIT License
    No additional libraries required.
    Can be used with other libraries.
    Works on older browsers (ES6 not necessary).
    The product is distributed "AS IS", without any warranties and liabilities.

### Usage:

##### HTML Elements creation and appending:

    [<parentHTMLElement>.]jel(<arguments>) : HTMLElement - creates a DOM subtree and adds it to parentHTMLElement 
    (document.body by default)
        arguments: <argument0>, [<argument1>[,<argument2>[,...]]] - arguments are applied in order they are set, 
        and the next one appends to the previous ones
            argument0 - can be string or {} or []
                string - set tag / template name
                {} - <JelElementInitializationObject>
                [] - array of <JelElementInitializationObjects>
            argument1+ - can be string or {} or [] or function
                string - add to inner HTML
                {} - set <JelElementAttributesAndJelProperties>
                [] - child <JelElementInitializationObjects>
                function - called immediately function(<el>){} : boolean
                    el - current created HTMLElement
                    if returns false - the will cancel parsing current created tree object and return undefined from current inner jel function
        JelElementInitializationObject: {<tagName>: <JelElementAttributesAndJelProperties>}
            tagName - set tag / template name
        JelElementAttributesAndJelProperties: {<param0>: <val0>[, <param1>: <val1>[, ...]]}
                param - element's attribute name or a special "jel" attribute name for <JelParameters>
                val - element's attribute value or a special "jel" attribute name for <JelParameters>
                    if <param> == "class", element class sting will be appended with <val>,
                    which can be string or [] or function (<el>, <curClassString>) {... return <addToClassString>}
                        el - current created HTMLElement;
                        if <val> is [], items in it can be strings or [] (then recursive) or function (<el>, <curClassString>) {... return <addToClassString>}
                            addToClassString - class string to append to current class string
                    if <param> == "style", element style will be appended with <val>, 
                    which can be string or {} or [] or function (<el>, <curStyle>) {... return <addToStyle>}
                        if <val> is {}, values in it can be function (<el>, <curStyleParam>) {... return <newStyleParam>}
                        if <val> is [], items in it can be <addToStyle> or [] (then recursive) or function (<el>, <curStyle>) {... return <addToStyle>}
                            addToStyle - key-value style object {}
                    if <param> == "children", <val> - array [] of <JelElementInitializationObjects>
                    if <param> == "properties", <val> = <Properties>
                    if <param> == "jel", <val> = <JelParameters>
                    else <val> should not be {} or []
                        if <val> is function, then it should be: function(<el>, <oldAttr>){... return <newAttr>} 
                            el - current created HTMLElement
        Properties: {<prop0>: <val0>[, <prop1>: <val1>[, ...]]} - set additional properties (<prop>) to values (<val>) for currently created element
            prop: "<localElementProperty0>[.<localElementProperty1>[.<localElementProperty2[...]>]]"
                localElementProperty<n> - property (sub)name for current created element
        JelParameters: {<param0>: <val0>[, <param1>: <val1>[, ...]]}
            param - jel special parameter name
            val - jel special parameter value
                if <param> == "name", <val> - subelement special jel string name for a separate jel elements' naming tree
                if <param> == "root", <val> - indicates that this is a component root element, should be empty string ""
                if <param> == "links", <val> = <JelElementPropertyLinks>
                if <param> == "orders", <val> = <JelElementPropertyOrders>
        JelElementPropertyLinks: {<target0>: <local0>[, <target1>: <local1>[, ...]]} - link properties of a child element to one of it's parent elements
            target: "<targetElementType>.<targetElementCustomProperty0>[.<targetElementCustomProperty1>[.<targetElementCustomProperty2[...]>]]"
                targetElementType:
                    if <targetElementType> == "root", the link is created for a closest parent element marked as jel:{root:""}
                    if <targetElementType> == "master", the link is created for a closest parent element marked as jel:{name:"..."}
                targetElementCustomProperty<n> - custom property (sub)name for the selected parent element
            local: "<localElementProperty0>[.<localElementProperty1>[.<localElementProperty2[...]>]]"
                localElementProperty<n> - property (sub)name for current created element
        JelElementPropertyOrders: {<target0>: <local0>[, <target1>: <local1>[, ...]]} - adds a function  (<newPropValue>){} : Object  to a target 
        that changes properties of added local elements at once
            target: "<targetElementType>.<targetElementCustomProperty0>[.<targetElementCustomProperty1>[.<targetElementCustomProperty2[...]>]]"
                targetElementType:
                    if <targetElementType> == "root", the order is added for a closest parent element marked as jel:{root:""}
                    if <targetElementType> == "master", the order is added for a closest parent element marked as jel:{name:"..."}
                targetElementCustomProperty<n> - custom function (sub)name for the selected parent element
            local: "<localElementProperty0>[.<localElementProperty1>[.<localElementProperty2[...]>]]"
                localElementProperty<n> - property (sub)name for current created element
         
                
##### Using Templates:

    jel.SetTemplate(<templateName>, <JelTemplate>)
        templateName - string containing the template name to set / change;
        common tag names can be used - this will change / append 
        to their functions when created by jel
        JelTemplate - can be string or {} or [] or function
            string - HTML element tag
            {} - <JelElementInitializationObject>
            [] - array of <JelElementInitializationObjects>
            function - element creation function: function (<elParent>, <templateName>) {} : HTMLElement
                elParent - parent HTMLElement
                templateName - used template name
    Templates can be applied as regular elements creation using jel function. 
    Using additional jel arguments will append to the created template instance.


### Examples 

You can test the lib [in this sandbox](https://codepen.io/lumaray/pen/VgEMpg).

And / or you can see the results of running the examples and play with the library in your browser's console [on GitHub page](https://lumaray.github.io/jel/)

    jel("div");

    jel({a:{href="#"}}, "I'm just a link");

    someform.jel("input", {type: "password"});

    jel.SetTemplate("label", {label: {style: "color: red;"}});
    
    document.head.jel("meta");

    document.getElementsByTagName("html")[0].jel("head2");

    document.head.parentElement.jel("body2");

    jel("div", {
        "id": "testid",
        "class": "testcl",
        "name": "testname"
    });

    jel("div", {id: "testid", class: "testcl", name: "testname", style: "width: 50px; height: 50px; background: green;"});
    jel("div", {id: "testid", class: "testcl", name: "testname", style: {width: "50px", height: "50px", background: "green"}});
    jel({div: {id: "testid", class: "testcl", name: "testname", style: {width: "50px", height: "50px", background: "green"}}});
    jel({div: {id: "testid", class: "testcl", name: "testname", style: {width: "50px", height: "50px", background: "green"}}},[
        {div: {id: "testid2", class: "testcl", name: "testname2", style: {width: "30px", height: "30px", background: "blue"}}}
    ]);

    jel("div", {id: "testid", class: "testcl", name: "testname", style: "width: 50px; height: 50px; background: green;"}, [
        {div: {id: "testid2", class: "testcl", name: "testname2", style: {width: "30px", height: "30px", background: "blue"}}}
    ]);

    jel("div", function(){
        this.jel("h1");
        this.jel("h2");
        this.jel("h3");
    });

    jel("div", el => {
        el.jel("h1");
        el.jel("h2");
        el.jel("h3");
    });

    jel("div", [
        jel("h1"),
        jel("h2"),
        jel("h3")
    ]);

    jel("div")
        .jel("h1");

    jel("div", {
        id: "testid",
        class: "testcl",
        name: "testname"
    }, [
        jel("h1"),
        jel("h2"),
        jel("h3")
    ]);

    jel({div: {
        id: "testid",
        class: "testcl",
        name: "testname"
    }}, [
        jel("h1"),
        jel("h2"),
        jel("h3")
    ]);

    window.elTest = jel({div: 
        {
            id: "testid",
            class: "testcl",
            name: "testname",
            children: [
                {div: {id: "testid2", class: "testcl", name: "testname2", 
                    style: "width: 50px; height: 50px; background: green;", 
                    jel: {orders: {"master.SetBackgroundColor": "style.backgroundColor"}}}},
                "Bla <b>bla</b>",
                {div: {
                    id: "testid3", class: "testcl", name: "testname3", 
                    style: {width: "30px", height: "30px", background: "blue"}, 
                    jel: {name: "tn2", links: {
                        "root.testWidth": "style.width",
                        "root.testEventListener": "addEventListener",
                        "root.testOnClick": "onclick",
                        "master.testBackgroundColor": "style.backgroundColor"
                    }, orders: {
                        "master.SetBackgroundColor": "style.backgroundColor"
                    }}
                }},
                "Yeee ",
                "Cool",
                {div:{children:[{div:{children:[{div:{children:[{div:{jel:{name: "lowestNode"}}}, function(el) {window.ttt = el;}]}}]}}]}}
            ],
            innerHTML: "test<b>!</b>",
            jel: {
                name: "topName",
                root: ""
            },
            properties: {
                align: "right"
            }
        }}, 
        "Test <i>1111</i>", 
        [
            jel("h1"),
            jel("h2", "Test <u>H2</u>"),
            jel("h3")
        ],
        "Test 2222", 
        function(el) {
            el.jel("h4");
            el.jel("h5");
            el.jel("h6");
        }
    );

    elTest.testEventListener("click",function(e){console.log(e.target);});

    elTest.testOnClick = function(){elTest.SetBackgroundColor("pink")};

    elTest.testBackgroundColor = "grey";

    jel("div",{children: [
        {div:{children: [
            {div:{}},
            el => {window.ttt = el;}
        ]}},
        "test!"
    ]});

    jel({form: {action: "", method: "post", children: [
        {label: {for: "FullName", children: ["Full Name"]}}, {br:{}},
        {input: {type: "text", name: "FullName", id: "FullName"}},
        {br:{}},
        {label: {for: "Passport", children: ["Your Local ID"]}}, {br:{}},
        {input: {type: "text", name: "Passport", id: "Passport"}},
        {br:{}},
        {label: {for: "Scan", children: ["Scan of application form"]}}, {br:{}},
        {input: {type: "file", name: "Scan", id: "Scan"}},
        {hr:{}},
        {label: {for: "Comments", children: ["Additional comments"]}}, {br:{}},
        {textarea: {rows: 10, cols: 45, name: "Comments", id: "Comments"}},
        {br:{}},
        {label: {for: "AdditionalFiles", children: ["Additional files"]}}, {br:{}},
        {input: {type: "file", name: "AdditionalFiles", id: "AdditionalFiles"}},
        {br:{}},
        {input: {type: "submit", value: "Save"}}
    ]}});



    function addFormField(el, arrInputData) {
        el.jel({label: {for: arrInputData.inputName, children: [arrInputData.inputTitle]}});
        el.jel({br:{}});
        el.jel(new function() {
            this[arrInputData.inputTag] = {
                type: arrInputData.inputType, 
                name: arrInputData.inputName, 
                id: arrInputData.inputName};
            if (arrInputData.inputType != "")
                this[arrInputData.inputTag]["type"] = arrInputData.inputType;
            for (var a in arrInputData.additionalAttributes)
                this[arrInputData.inputTag][a] = arrInputData.additionalAttributes[a];
        });
    }



    function addForm(el, arrFieldsData, strSubmitTitle) {
        el.jel({form: {action: "", method: "post"}}, function() {
            for (var d in arrFieldsData) {
                if (arrFieldsData[d].inputTag === "hr") {
                    this.jel("hr");
                    continue;
                }
                addFormField(this, arrFieldsData[d]);
                // if (d !== Object.keys(arrFieldsData)[Object.keys(arrFieldsData).length-1])
                    this.jel("br");
            }
            this.jel([{br:{}}, {br:{}}]);
            this.jel({input: {type: "submit", value: strSubmitTitle}});
        });
    }


    var formData = [
        {inputTag: "input", inputType: "text", inputName: "FullName", inputTitle: "Full Name", additionalAttributes: {}},
        {inputTag: "input", inputType: "text", inputName: "Passport", inputTitle: "Your Local ID", additionalAttributes: {}},
        {inputTag: "input", inputType: "file", inputName: "Scan", inputTitle: "Scan of application form", additionalAttributes: {}},
        {inputTag: "hr"},
        {inputTag: "textarea", inputType: "", inputName: "Comments", inputTitle: "Additional comments", additionalAttributes: {rows: 10, cols: 45}},
        {inputTag: "input", inputType: "file", inputName: "AdditionalFiles", inputTitle: "Additional files", additionalAttributes: {}},
    ];

    addForm(document.body, formData, "Save");


    jel("h1", {
        style:{color:"green"},
        innerHTML:"Welcome to jel sandbox!"
    });

    jel("a", {href:"https://github.com/LumaRay/jel", target:"_blank"})
        .jel("h2", 
            {style:{"font-style":"italic"}},
            "Code your pages with pure javascript.");

    document.head.jel(
        {style:{type:"text/css"}}, 
        ".wow{text-decoration:underline;}");

    jel({ul:{children:[
        {li:{class:"wow", children:["Easy use with JSON"]}},
        {li:{children:["Vanilla <i>javascript</i>"]}},
        {li:{children:["Templates"]}},
        {li:{children:["Linked properties"]}}
    ]}}, [
        jel({li:{children:[
            {a:{href:"https://github.com/LumaRay/jel#usage",
                target:"_blank",
                properties:{innerText:"And more"}}}
            ]}})
    ]);

    jel.SetTemplate("sample text template name", {div:{children:[
        "In case you have ",
        {i:{children:["a mixed text content"]}},
        ", it is still possible ",
        {b:{children:["to list them as child elements"]}},
        " or <u>use markup inside your text.</u>"
    ]}});

    jel({"sample text template name":{style:{"font-size":"14pt"}}}, function(el){
        this.jel(["br", "br"]);
    });

    jel({a:{
        style:"font-size: 16pt", 
        target:"_blank",
        href:"https://github.com/LumaRay/jel#examples"
    }}, "Try other examples!");

Commit message:

Added jel.GetTemplate function and description

README.md, after:

# jel

### jel : Javascript Elements

*A vanilla javascript DOM elements creation and management helper library*

Simply turn all `<h1>that stuff</h1>` into `jel("h1": "this one")` - [but this is just a beginning!](https://codepen.io/lumaray/pen/VgEMpg)

This library should help move from explicit HTML markup to javascript objects coding. Just retrieve JSON elements' init objects from a server or initialize them yourself, then convert them into common javascript objects and use with **jel** function (or add as templates for a later use).

    Created by: Yury Laykov / Russia, Zelenograd
    2019
    MIT License
    No additional libraries required.
    Can be used with other libraries.
    Works on older browsers (ES6 not necessary).
    The product is distributed "AS IS", without any warranties and liabilities.

### Usage:

##### HTML Elements creation and appending:

    [<parentHTMLElement>.]jel(<arguments>) : HTMLElement - creates a DOM subtree and adds it to parentHTMLElement 
    (document.body by default)
        arguments: <argument0>, [<argument1>[,<argument2>[,...]]] - arguments are applied in order they are set, 
        and the next one appends to the previous ones
            argument0 - can be string or {} or []
                string - set tag / template name
                {} - <JelElementInitializationObject>
                [] - array of <JelElementInitializationObjects>
            argument1+ - can be string or {} or [] or function
                string - add to inner HTML
                {} - set <JelElementAttributesAndJelProperties>
                [] - child <JelElementInitializationObjects>
                function - called immediately function(<el>){} : boolean
                    el - current created HTMLElement
                    if returns false - the will cancel parsing current created tree object and return undefined from current inner jel function
        JelElementInitializationObject: {<tagName>: <JelElementAttributesAndJelProperties>}
            tagName - set tag / template name
        JelElementAttributesAndJelProperties: {<param0>: <val0>[, <param1>: <val1>[, ...]]}
                param - element's attribute name or a special "jel" attribute name for <JelParameters>
                val - element's attribute value or a special "jel" attribute name for <JelParameters>
                    if <param> == "class", element class sting will be appended with <val>,
                    which can be string or [] or function (<el>, <curClassString>) {... return <addToClassString>}
                        el - current created HTMLElement;
                        if <val> is [], items in it can be strings or [] (then recursive) or function (<el>, <curClassString>) {... return <addToClassString>}
                            addToClassString - class string to append to current class string
                    if <param> == "style", element style will be appended with <val>, 
                    which can be string or {} or [] or function (<el>, <curStyle>) {... return <addToStyle>}
                        if <val> is {}, values in it can be function (<el>, <curStyleParam>) {... return <newStyleParam>}
                        if <val> is [], items in it can be <addToStyle> or [] (then recursive) or function (<el>, <curStyle>) {... return <addToStyle>}
                            addToStyle - key-value style object {}
                    if <param> == "children", <val> - array [] of <JelElementInitializationObjects>
                    if <param> == "properties", <val> = <Properties>
                    if <param> == "jel", <val> = <JelParameters>
                    else <val> should not be {} or []
                        if <val> is function, then it should be: function(<el>, <oldAttr>){... return <newAttr>} 
                            el - current created HTMLElement
        Properties: {<prop0>: <val0>[, <prop1>: <val1>[, ...]]} - set additional properties (<prop>) to values (<val>) for currently created element
            prop: "<localElementProperty0>[.<localElementProperty1>[.<localElementProperty2[...]>]]"
                localElementProperty<n> - property (sub)name for current created element
        JelParameters: {<param0>: <val0>[, <param1>: <val1>[, ...]]}
            param - jel special parameter name
            val - jel special parameter value
                if <param> == "name", <val> - subelement special jel string name for a separate jel elements' naming tree
                if <param> == "root", <val> - indicates that this is a component root element, should be empty string ""
                if <param> == "links", <val> = <JelElementPropertyLinks>
                if <param> == "orders", <val> = <JelElementPropertyOrders>
        JelElementPropertyLinks: {<target0>: <local0>[, <target1>: <local1>[, ...]]} - link properties of a child element to one of it's parent elements
            target: "<targetElementType>.<targetElementCustomProperty0>[.<targetElementCustomProperty1>[.<targetElementCustomProperty2[...]>]]"
                targetElementType:
                    if <targetElementType> == "root", the link is created for a closest parent element marked as jel:{root:""}
                    if <targetElementType> == "master", the link is created for a closest parent element marked as jel:{name:"..."}
                targetElementCustomProperty<n> - custom property (sub)name for the selected parent element
            local: "<localElementProperty0>[.<localElementProperty1>[.<localElementProperty2[...]>]]"
                localElementProperty<n> - property (sub)name for current created element
        JelElementPropertyOrders: {<target0>: <local0>[, <target1>: <local1>[, ...]]} - adds a function  (<newPropValue>){} : Object  to a target 
        that changes properties of added local elements at once
            target: "<targetElementType>.<targetElementCustomProperty0>[.<targetElementCustomProperty1>[.<targetElementCustomProperty2[...]>]]"
                targetElementType:
                    if <targetElementType> == "root", the order is added for a closest parent element marked as jel:{root:""}
                    if <targetElementType> == "master", the order is added for a closest parent element marked as jel:{name:"..."}
                targetElementCustomProperty<n> - custom function (sub)name for the selected parent element
            local: "<localElementProperty0>[.<localElementProperty1>[.<localElementProperty2[...]>]]"
                localElementProperty<n> - property (sub)name for current created element
         
                
##### Using Templates:

    jel.SetTemplate(<templateName>, <JelTemplate>)
        templateName - string containing the template name to set / change;
        common tag names can be used - this will change / append 
        to their functions when created by jel
        JelTemplate - can be string or {} or [] or function
            string - HTML element tag
            {} - <JelElementInitializationObject>
            [] - array of <JelElementInitializationObjects>
            function - element creation function: function (<elParent>, <templateName>) {} : HTMLElement
                elParent - parent HTMLElement
                templateName - used template name
    Templates can be applied as regular elements creation using jel function. 
    Using additional jel arguments will append to the created template instance.
    
    jel.GetTemplate(<templateName>) - returns template as a string or {} or [] or function or undefined if not exists


### Examples 

You can test the lib [in this sandbox](https://codepen.io/lumaray/pen/VgEMpg).

And / or you can see the results of running the examples and play with the library in your browser's console [on GitHub page](https://lumaray.github.io/jel/)

    jel("div");

    jel({a:{href="#"}}, "I'm just a link");

    someform.jel("input", {type: "password"});

    jel.SetTemplate("label", {label: {style: "color: red;"}});
    
    document.head.jel("meta");

    document.getElementsByTagName("html")[0].jel("head2");

    document.head.parentElement.jel("body2");

    jel("div", {
        "id": "testid",
        "class": "testcl",
        "name": "testname"
    });

    jel("div", {id: "testid", class: "testcl", name: "testname", style: "width: 50px; height: 50px; background: green;"});
    jel("div", {id: "testid", class: "testcl", name: "testname", style: {width: "50px", height: "50px", background: "green"}});
    jel({div: {id: "testid", class: "testcl", name: "testname", style: {width: "50px", height: "50px", background: "green"}}});
    jel({div: {id: "testid", class: "testcl", name: "testname", style: {width: "50px", height: "50px", background: "green"}}},[
        {div: {id: "testid2", class: "testcl", name: "testname2", style: {width: "30px", height: "30px", background: "blue"}}}
    ]);

    jel("div", {id: "testid", class: "testcl", name: "testname", style: "width: 50px; height: 50px; background: green;"}, [
        {div: {id: "testid2", class: "testcl", name: "testname2", style: {width: "30px", height: "30px", background: "blue"}}}
    ]);

    jel("div", function(){
        this.jel("h1");
        this.jel("h2");
        this.jel("h3");
    });

    jel("div", el => {
        el.jel("h1");
        el.jel("h2");
        el.jel("h3");
    });

    jel("div", [
        jel("h1"),
        jel("h2"),
        jel("h3")
    ]);

    jel("div")
        .jel("h1");

    jel("div", {
        id: "testid",
        class: "testcl",
        name: "testname"
    }, [
        jel("h1"),
        jel("h2"),
        jel("h3")
    ]);

    jel({div: {
        id: "testid",
        class: "testcl",
        name: "testname"
    }}, [
        jel("h1"),
        jel("h2"),
        jel("h3")
    ]);

    window.elTest = jel({div: 
        {
            id: "testid",
            class: "testcl",
            name: "testname",
            children: [
                {div: {id: "testid2", class: "testcl", name: "testname2", 
                    style: "width: 50px; height: 50px; background: green;", 
                    jel: {orders: {"master.SetBackgroundColor": "style.backgroundColor"}}}},
                "Bla <b>bla</b>",
                {div: {
                    id: "testid3", class: "testcl", name: "testname3", 
                    style: {width: "30px", height: "30px", background: "blue"}, 
                    jel: {name: "tn2", links: {
                        "root.testWidth": "style.width",
                        "root.testEventListener": "addEventListener",
                        "root.testOnClick": "onclick",
                        "master.testBackgroundColor": "style.backgroundColor"
                    }, orders: {
                        "master.SetBackgroundColor": "style.backgroundColor"
                    }}
                }},
                "Yeee ",
                "Cool",
                {div:{children:[{div:{children:[{div:{children:[{div:{jel:{name: "lowestNode"}}}, function(el) {window.ttt = el;}]}}]}}]}}
            ],
            innerHTML: "test<b>!</b>",
            jel: {
                name: "topName",
                root: ""
            },
            properties: {
                align: "right"
            }
        }}, 
        "Test <i>1111</i>", 
        [
            jel("h1"),
            jel("h2", "Test <u>H2</u>"),
            jel("h3")
        ],
        "Test 2222", 
        function(el) {
            el.jel("h4");
            el.jel("h5");
            el.jel("h6");
        }
    );

    elTest.testEventListener("click",function(e){console.log(e.target);});

    elTest.testOnClick = function(){elTest.SetBackgroundColor("pink")};

    elTest.testBackgroundColor = "grey";

    jel("div",{children: [
        {div:{children: [
            {div:{}},
            el => {window.ttt = el;}
        ]}},
        "test!"
    ]});

    jel({form: {action: "", method: "post", children: [
        {label: {for: "FullName", children: ["Full Name"]}}, {br:{}},
        {input: {type: "text", name: "FullName", id: "FullName"}},
        {br:{}},
        {label: {for: "Passport", children: ["Your Local ID"]}}, {br:{}},
        {input: {type: "text", name: "Passport", id: "Passport"}},
        {br:{}},
        {label: {for: "Scan", children: ["Scan of application form"]}}, {br:{}},
        {input: {type: "file", name: "Scan", id: "Scan"}},
        {hr:{}},
        {label: {for: "Comments", children: ["Additional comments"]}}, {br:{}},
        {textarea: {rows: 10, cols: 45, name: "Comments", id: "Comments"}},
        {br:{}},
        {label: {for: "AdditionalFiles", children: ["Additional files"]}}, {br:{}},
        {input: {type: "file", name: "AdditionalFiles", id: "AdditionalFiles"}},
        {br:{}},
        {input: {type: "submit", value: "Save"}}
    ]}});



    function addFormField(el, arrInputData) {
        el.jel({label: {for: arrInputData.inputName, children: [arrInputData.inputTitle]}});
        el.jel({br:{}});
        el.jel(new function() {
            this[arrInputData.inputTag] = {
                type: arrInputData.inputType, 
                name: arrInputData.inputName, 
                id: arrInputData.inputName};
            if (arrInputData.inputType != "")
                this[arrInputData.inputTag]["type"] = arrInputData.inputType;
            for (var a in arrInputData.additionalAttributes)
                this[arrInputData.inputTag][a] = arrInputData.additionalAttributes[a];
        });
    }



    function addForm(el, arrFieldsData, strSubmitTitle) {
        el.jel({form: {action: "", method: "post"}}, function() {
            for (var d in arrFieldsData) {
                if (arrFieldsData[d].inputTag === "hr") {
                    this.jel("hr");
                    continue;
                }
                addFormField(this, arrFieldsData[d]);
                // if (d !== Object.keys(arrFieldsData)[Object.keys(arrFieldsData).length-1])
                    this.jel("br");
            }
            this.jel([{br:{}}, {br:{}}]);
            this.jel({input: {type: "submit", value: strSubmitTitle}});
        });
    }


    var formData = [
        {inputTag: "input", inputType: "text", inputName: "FullName", inputTitle: "Full Name", additionalAttributes: {}},
        {inputTag: "input", inputType: "text", inputName: "Passport", inputTitle: "Your Local ID", additionalAttributes: {}},
        {inputTag: "input", inputType: "file", inputName: "Scan", inputTitle: "Scan of application form", additionalAttributes: {}},
        {inputTag: "hr"},
        {inputTag: "textarea", inputType: "", inputName: "Comments", inputTitle: "Additional comments", additionalAttributes: {rows: 10, cols: 45}},
        {inputTag: "input", inputType: "file", inputName: "AdditionalFiles", inputTitle: "Additional files", additionalAttributes: {}},
    ];

    addForm(document.body, formData, "Save");


    jel("h1", {
        style:{color:"green"},
        innerHTML:"Welcome to jel sandbox!"
    });

    jel("a", {href:"https://github.com/LumaRay/jel", target:"_blank"})
        .jel("h2", 
            {style:{"font-style":"italic"}},
            "Code your pages with pure javascript.");

    document.head.jel(
        {style:{type:"text/css"}}, 
        ".wow{text-decoration:underline;}");

    jel({ul:{children:[
        {li:{class:"wow", children:["Easy use with JSON"]}},
        {li:{children:["Vanilla <i>javascript</i>"]}},
        {li:{children:["Templates"]}},
        {li:{children:["Linked properties"]}}
    ]}}, [
        jel({li:{children:[
            {a:{href:"https://github.com/LumaRay/jel#usage",
                target:"_blank",
                properties:{innerText:"And more"}}}
            ]}})
    ]);

    jel.SetTemplate("sample text template name", {div:{children:[
        "In case you have ",
        {i:{children:["a mixed text content"]}},
        ", it is still possible ",
        {b:{children:["to list them as child elements"]}},
        " or <u>use markup inside your text.</u>"
    ]}});

    jel({"sample text template name":{style:{"font-size":"14pt"}}}, function(el){
        this.jel(["br", "br"]);
    });

    jel({a:{
        style:"font-size: 16pt", 
        target:"_blank",
        href:"https://github.com/LumaRay/jel#examples"
    }}, "Try other examples!");
